
TT Pattern

3 Questions on each module (8,7,10)weightage) 
Internal Options Possible









Chapter 1 Questions:

Genetic Algorithms
ANN
RNN
Fuzzy Logic
Rule Based 
Sinkhole Attack
Byzantine Attack
Sybil Attack
Sensor Stimuli Attack
Sources of Security Threats
Attacks Against IOT Devices
Conventional vs AI approaches to coding  
Supervised vs Unsupervised Learning 
Classification of ML models based on Traditional Taxonomy  
Classification of ML models based on Learning Approaches.




Chapter 2 Questions

History of Firewalls 
Classification of Firewalls based on Delivery Method 
Classification of Firewalls based on Operation Method
Short Note on Firewall Architectures
Process of Firewall Design
Components of Firewall Policy
Classification of Firewall Policies
Steps to create a firewall policy
Application of Fuzzy Logic in Firewall Design 
Next generation Firewalls
Application of ML in Firewall Design
Short Note on Firewall Evaluation
Explain how firewalls could be made robust using AI-ML-DL Techniques


Chapter 3 Questions

Attack Methodology of an intrusion Process
Functions of an IDS
History of IDS Development
IDS vs IPS
Challenges in IDS Design
Goals of an IDS
Goals of an IPS
Firewall vs IPS
Host based IDS
Network IDS
WIDS
NIDS vs NBA
HIDS vs NIDS
AI in IDS

Chapter 4

Short Note on File Infector Virus and steps to prevent it
Short Note on Companion Virus and steps to prevent it
Short Note on Boot Sector Viruses and steps to prevent it
Short Note on Polymorphic and Metamorphic Viruses and steps to prevent it
Short Note on the Evolution of Viruses.
Classification of Viruses
Differentiate Virus,Worms and Trojans
Explain the common methods of malware propagation
Short Note on the importance of anti malware protection
Short Note on role of Threat intelligence in Anti Malware protection
Detailed Note on How the Stuxnet virus Propagated.
Detailed Note on How the Morris Worm Propagated.
Detailed Note on How the Jerusalem Virus Propagated.
Explain the principles of malware detection
Explain the common features of anti malware tools


Chapter 5

Ethical Hacking vs. Malicious Hacking
Common Hacking Techniques
Social Engineering Attacks
Phishing and Spear Phishing
Distributed Denial-ofService (DDoS) Attack
Short Note on Wireless Network Hacking
Short Note on Incident response and forensics
Short Note on Data Science Investigation of a Cyber Crime
Short Note on Predictive Modelling for Cyber Crime Detection
Short Note on the Challenges for a Cyber Crime Investigation


Chapter 6

Briefly explain what a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) is used for.
Differentiate between traditional autoencoders and adversarial autoencoders in terms of their training objectives and capabilities for generating robust representations.
Explain why adversarial examples can cause machine learning models to make incorrect predictions, in a few sentences.
List two challenges associated with deploying adversarial defense mechanisms in real-world applications, using everyday language.
Explain the purpose of adversarial autoencoders
Differentiate between traditional machine learning and adversarial machine learning using a simple example.
Describe how a GAN might be used to create realistic images of fictional creatures
Explain one simple method that could be used to defend against adversarial attacks on a text-based spam detection system.
List two potential consequences of relying on machine learning models that are vulnerable to adversarial attacks.
Describe one real-world scenario where adversarial attacks could be used to manipulate financial data.
Describe one potential consequence of a self-driving car being vulnerable to adversarial attacks, using a simple scenario like navigating through traffic.
